Rewrote monitor & consume events (#1058)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/developers/dapps/monitor-and-consume-events.md

Events are divided into three categories and streamed on their respective endpoints:

- **Deploy events** - Associated with [Deploys](../../concepts/design/casper-design.md#execution-semantics-deploys) on a node. Currently, only a `DeployAccepted` event is emitted. The URL to consume deploy-related events on Mainnet and Testnet is `http://<HOST>:9999/events/deploys/`.
- **Finality Signature events** - Emitted when a block has been finalized and cannot be altered. The URL to consume finality signature events on Mainnet and Testnet is `http://<HOST>:9999/events/sigs/`.
- **Main events** - All other events fall under this type, including: `BlockAdded`, `DeployProcessed`, `DeployExpired`, `Fault`, `Step`, and `Shutdown` events. The URL to consume these events on Mainnet and Testnet is `http://<HOST>:9999/events/main/`.

:::note

An `ApiVersion` event is always emitted when a new client connects to a node's SSE server, informing the client of the node's software version.

:::

## Listening to the Event Stream

> Applications can listen for such events for a specific account during a particular era, containing certain data. Then, they can parse the data and discard what is not needed. To consume the event stream, set up an event listener in your dApp using the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications can listen for such events for a specific account during a particular era, containing certain data. Then, they can parse the data and discard what they do not need. To consume the event stream, set up an event listener in your dApp using the following code:
```

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="js" label="JavaScript">

```javascript
const { EventStream, EventName } = require("casper-js-sdk")

const es = new EventStream("http://NODE_ADDRESS:9999/events/" + CHANNEL)
es.start()
es.subscribe(EventName.EVENT_NAME, eventHandler)

> function eventHandler(event) {
>     console.log(event)
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const eventHandler = (event) => {
    console.log(event)
}
```

Reviewer 2: lets use arrow function everywhere as this is current standard for ES6

            },
          ]
        },
        "transfers": [
          "transfer-3389144d15238240f48f5966f2dc299b6b20eb19c13d834409b4d28fc50fa909"
        ],
        "cost": "100000000"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

* [deploy_hash](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#deploy-hash) - The cryptographic hash of a Deploy.
* [account](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#serialization-standard-account) - The hexadecimal-encoded public key of the account submitting the Deploy.
* [timestamp](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#timestamp) - A timestamp type representing a concrete moment in time.
* [dependencies](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#deploy-header) - A list of Deploy hashes. 
* [block_hash](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#block-hash) - A cryptographic hash identifying a Block.
* [execution_result](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#executionresult) - The execution status of the Deploy, which is either `Success` or `Failure`.

</details>

### DeployExpired

A `DeployExpired` event is emitted when the Deploy is no longer valid for processing or being added to a block due to its time to live (TTL) having expired.

<details>

>   <summary>Expand to view output</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Expand to view output</summary>
```

```json
{
  "DeployExpired": {
    "deploy_hash": "7ecf22fc284526d6db16fbf455f489e0a9cbf782234131c010cf3078fb9be353"
  }
}
```

* [deploy_hash](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#deploy-hash) - The cryptographic hash of a Deploy.

</details>

### Fault

The `Fault` event is emitted if there is a validator error.

<details>
<summary>Expand the below section to view the Fault event details:</summary>

```json
{
  "Fault": {
    "era_id": 4591448806312642600,
    "public_key": "013da85eb06279da42e28530e1116be04bfd2aa25ed8d63401ebff4d9153a609a9",
    "timestamp": "2023-01-01T01:26:58.364Z"
  }
}
```

* [era_id](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#eraid) - A period of time during which the validator set does not change.
* [public_key](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#publickey) - The hexadecimal-encoded public key of the validator that caused the fault.
* [timestamp](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#timestamp) - A timestamp representing the moment the validator faulted.

</details>

### FinalitySignature

> This event indicates that the final approvals from validators are signed, and further alterations to the block will not be allowed. Refer to the [consensus reached](../../concepts/deploy-and-deploy-lifecycle.md#consensus-reached) and [block finality](../../concepts/glossary/B.md#block-finality) sections to learn more about finality signatures. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event indicates validators have signed the final approvals and further alterations to the block will not be allowed. Refer to the [consensus reached](../../concepts/deploy-and-deploy-lifecycle.md#consensus-reached) and [block finality](../../concepts/glossary/B.md#block-finality) sections to learn more about finality signatures. 
```

* [transform](../../concepts/serialization-standard.md#transform) - The actual transformation performed while executing a Deploy.

</details>

### Shutdown

The `Shutdown` event is emitted when the node is about to shut down, usually for an upgrade, causing a termination of the event stream.

<details>
<summary>Expand the below section to view the Shutdown event details:</summary>

```bash
"Shutdown"
```
* Shutdown - The "Shutdown" text notifies the event listener that a shutdown will occur.

</details>

## Reacting to Events

An application may parse each event needed for its use case and respond accordingly. The dApp may act on some events and not others, or it may act upon them all, depending on its use case. Each event type contains additional data that might help in deciding whether or not to take an action. For example, `DeployAccepted` events contain the account's public key that submitted the deploy, the contract address, and more. This information can help determine how to proceed or whether or not to react.

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="js" label="JavaScript">

```javascript

> function eventHandler(event) {
>   if (event.body.DeployAccepted.header.account == "012481699f9231e36ecf002675cd7186b48e6a735d10ec1b30f587ca716937752c") {
>     // Perform an action
>   }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const eventHandler = (event) => {
  if (event.body.DeployAccepted.header.account == "012481699f9231e36ecf002675cd7186b48e6a735d10ec1b30f587ca716937752c") {
    // Perform an action
  }
```
